#### Before in academic endeavors: Automath Archive

02-10-2024 Alongside Rodrigo Ochigame, I am currently researching the history of (one of) the first automatic proof checkers, called Automath. It was developed from the late 1960s - early 1980s by a mathematician named N. G. de Bruijn. We're in the very early stages of this more exploratory research, as we are putting out feelers and getting an overview of what the archive situation looks like. Ideally, however, we'd like to learn more about the projects' link to mathematical philosophies such as intuitionism, and about hidden labour that may have taken place during the creation of the project. I'm really excited to get more into this project & see where it takes me!

23-11-2024 I've been working on this project for almost two months now, and it's becoming really exciting! Most of the last two months have been focussed on understanding the project a little better, talking to some people who know about it and reading survey papers written about the project. Yesterday, we started the archive research, and it was really insightful. I'm feeling very hopeful about finding some interesting and insightful things! 

09-01-2025 This project has really just been chugging along! I've been using a software called Tropy to organise images that I've been taking at the Noord Hollands Archief, where the N. G. de Bruijn's archive is stored. I've been working on translating many of them from Dutch to English. I've also been speaking to some people who worked on the Automath project back in the 1970s and 80s. I'm finding it really fascinating, especially learning about a whole world of mathematics that I, dropping maths as soon as posssible, had no idea about. It's also great linking it to the history of computing stuff that I'm learning for my master's research (and my own fun). Alongside this project, Rodrigo Ochigame and I are also working on some prompt engineering for academic-centred LLMs, to try and develop a way of searching anthropological literature that exists outside of many university library systems. Right now though, that's all just experiments.
